  ^RPOLICY:^n

  The Mortal Levels are 1-50, anyone above level 50 CANNOT CANNOT CANNOT:
cast spells on you (heal etc), give you objects, help you kill a monster,
give you money or information etc.. SO DO NOT ASK!  

  ^RREIMBURSEMENT:^n

There are no reimbursements for losing equipment in a crash. The mud WILL 
crash, and if you die right before it crashes you WILL lose objects. We 
suggest that you get your stuff from your corpse as soon as possible and 
type SAVE. WE DO NOT REIMBURSE FOR CRASHES! Things we do reimburse for:
 
   1. Excessively frequent crashes.. ie if it crashes once every 15
      minutes and you lose items, we may reimburse you.
   2. A bug in rent. If there are no known bugs, you will not receive
      reimbursement until at least one other person also loses items.
      If you are the only person to lose equipment, we have to assume an
      error on your part.
   3. To be eligable for a reimbursement you MUST notify an Implementor within
      24 hours, via MUD-mail, in person, or on the idea board.

 ^RMULTIPLAYING^n

No multiplaying. You may have multiple characters here, but they are to
have no interaction with one another.  This includes dropping link with
one character to log in another character. This also includes using one
character to weaken a mob and logging in another character to kill it for
the exp or items.  The ONLY people allowed to use two characters at the
same time are Gods (level 58 and above). All others will be warned, dis-
connected, frozen, or sitebanned, depending on the circumstances.

  ^RSTORAGE^n

Storage characters are not allowed. If they are found they will have their
equipment file deleted. This includes levelling equipment and gold.
Since each player can rent 100 objects, unless if you are an absolute hog,
you will not need storage characters. A storage character is a low-level
character that is never actually played, just used to hold extra items. If
for some reason you want to hold extra equipment, join a clan with a storage
room.

  ^RPK AND PSTEAL^n

This is not allowed. If you do this you will be set with a flag and can
be killed by another player without penalty.

Note: Looting a corpse that you did not kill is considered stealing and 
if you are caught you can be flagged by a god. If you are flagged by
accident you can ask a God to pardon you. In addition, the person that
you tried to kill or steal from may forgive you.

  ^RCLAIMS ON MOBS/EQ^n

Use common sense and courtesy. If someone is at a mob waiting to kill it
or in the process of killing it, let them be.  If they flee or recall, they
give up their claim to the mob. It is still good style to ask... if a major
mob is sitting at 10% hitpoints, don't kill it without asking if anyone's
already trying to kill it.  Sitting at a mob waiting for your clan to log
on or finish up what they're doing is not allowed.  If you do not have the
force to kill a mob, you can not claim it.  Furthermore, holding onto
necessary keys or quest items to keep someone else from getting to a mob
is not allowed.

  ^RBOTS^n

Bots are scripts that are run on a player's Mud client.  Bots will no
longer be permitted here if the player is afk, and any player found using
a bot can be frozen, disconnected, have eq or level stripped, or simply
be warned. 

Using triggers to ease gameplay is one thing, using an automatic bot is
something else. If you are suspected of using an illegal bot, an immortal
will send you a tell, and if you do not reply but continue playing, it will
be assumed that you are using a bot and you will be immediately disconnected
and/or frozen, whichever seems most appropriate at the time.

  ^RSCUMMING/ZONE RESETING^n

Don't use the linkdead repop method to get any zone to reset. Doing so
effectively kills the purpose of the area. If you want good equipment,
you'll have to work for it.

  ^RIMPERSONATION^n

If you are caught in the guise of an "oldie from way back" (while trying
to exploit the character), you will promptly be site banned. No questions
asked.

  ^RMAGIC JAR^n

Never go around killing mortals with a mob you magically jarred. You CAN
kill mobs with other jarred mobs, just not real people.

  ^RCHEATING/DUPING/CRASHING^n

These are the felonies of Kore. 'Nuff said.

  ^R-BOTTOM LINE-^n

We're here to play and ENJOY the game. That's why it's called "a game." If
your actions are making the game less enjoyable for others, you will be
asked to reform your methods of performing actions, or whatever, and from
there it is known that you have been warned, so any similar further actions
would result in disciplinary action.

If an immortal makes a decision that you think is unfair, your only course
of action is to mail a higher immortal.  Arguing with that particular
individual is likely a waste of time and will most likely only make them
angry, which could result in punishment, etc.
Whatever you do, do NOT create a new character with some spiffy
name like "Fucthegods" and start complaining. That would really just piss
someone off.
